{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 author;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs22 \snext38 verbatim;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 List;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs22\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was Update_memo_20170407.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.3.8 r1240 (released June 16 2014) on Fri Apr  7 09:33:11 2017
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f0\fs22\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \chdate \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 This memo provides a concise, update summary of the status of the tasks assigned to the LANDIS-II Software Enhancement Project ({Project}). Specific and general tasks as well as their priorities are defined by the document dated September 7, 2016. The updates for Top Priority Tasks and Secondary Priority tasks reference the task numbers in the September 7, 2016 document. A milestones update and a cost accounting update also are provided.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Top Priority Tasks\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 1 \endash  Integrate climate library into appropriate extensions} Both NECN succession and Biomass succession now use climate data. Biomass harvest executes seamlessly with NECN succession and Biomass succession. This task is 100% complete. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 2 \endash  Re-engineer the Site Tool} ??? \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 3 \endash  Add Metadata library for LANDVIZ compatibility to all extensions} This task is roughly 80% complete. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 4 \endash  Develop R scripts to run the model and generate LANDVIZ web sites} This task is slated to begin after Task 3 has been completed. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 5 \endash  Provide enhancements and bug fixes for LANDVIZ} LANDVIZ now accepts non-integer hectare area for input rasters. The PreProcTool and its Python dependencies (including PyInstaller) have been updated to allow for rebuilds of LANDVIZ. A step-by-step rebuild protocol has been defined and documented. This task is 100% complete. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 6 \endash  Fix remaining bugs in Harvest} This task is underway and is about 50% complete. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 7 \endash  Implement a prescribed burning option} This task needs some discussion about the best approach before being assigned to a programmer; task not attempted. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 8 \endash  Perform maintenance and add enhancements to Core Model} Rebuilding the Core Model is now a streamlined and well-documented five-stage process. Core Model enhancements include adding the names of all input files to the log, writing all extension versions to log, providing species name in error messages, providing the version that is installed, and replacing \u8220?Ageing cohorts\u8221? with \u8220?Growing cohorts\u8221? in console. This task is 100% complete. \par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 Secondary Priority Tasks\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 9 \endash  Integrate Forest Service vegetation data} This task needs more information; task not attempted. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 10 \endash  Make Landscape Builder compatible with biomass succession extensions} ??? \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 11 \endash  Improve error messages (more informative) throughout LANDIS-II} This task needs very specific suggestions; task not attempted. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 12 \endash  Develop tools to build all input maps} This task is a rather huge project and would require another $100k; task not attempted. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 13 \endash  Revise all UGs for clarity and currency.} This task is the job of each individual developer; task not attempted. We have performed major restructuring and standardization on many repositories which could be used to provide guidelines for a \u8216?standard\u8217? UG format (see below), but our rules dictate that we cannot revise without permission. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 14 \endash  Develop links between FVS and LANDIS-II } This task is a worthy idea but is not programmer-ready; task not attempted. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 15 \endash  Develop outputs for NFS} This task is a worthy idea but is not programmer-ready; task not attempted. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Task 16 \endash  Enable use of American fuel models in the Dynamic Fire and Fuels extensions} This task is a worthy idea but is not programmer-ready; task not attempted. \par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 Supplemental Tasks\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In addition to the above, the following supplemental tasks were included in the Project.\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab
Major restructuring and standardization of all repositories under Rob Scheller. The restructuring and standardization includes: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Standardization of the Visual Studio .dll build process through a) modification of .csproj files, b) installation of .cmd files, and c) referencing the Support-Library-DLLs repository. The standardization provides simple, error-free extension builds in Visual Studio. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Standardization of .iss files for error-free building of extension installers in Inno Setup. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Standardization and clean-up of all extension-installed scenarios for error-free LANDIS-II runs of examples. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Standardization of repository structure for consistency and ease of access to repository materials. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Complete revision and standardization of the README files. \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi0 The major restructuring and standardization task is roughly 75% complete.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab
A variety of small updates and fixes throughout the LANDIS-II Foundation repositories. \par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 Milestones\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Updates and enhancements to output extensions are projected to be completed by May 1, 2017. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Updates and enhancements to succession extensions are projected to be completed by May 15, 2017.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Updates and enhancements to disturbance extensions are projected to be completed by May 30, 2017.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Cost Accounting\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs22\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Programmer and project management costs to-date total $17,100.00.\par
}}
